Add `onUploadStarted`, `onUploadSucceeded` and `onUploadFailed` to `file-queue` helper (#925)
adopted-ember-addons/ember-file-upload: docs/api/helper/file-queue.md

## Arguments

| Argument            | Description                               | Type                                             | Default value |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |
| `name`              | Name of queue to find or create.          | `string`                                         |               |

> | `onFileAdded`       | Called when each file is added.           | `(file: UploadFile) => void`                     |               |
> | `onFileRemoved`     | Called when each file is removed.         | `(file: UploadFile) => void`                     |               |
> | `onUploadStarted`   | Called when each upload begins.           | `(file: UploadFile) => void`                     |               |
> | `onUploadSucceeded` | Called when each upload request succeeds. | `(file: UploadFile, response: Response) => void` |               |
> | `onUploadFailed`    | Called when each upload request fails.    | `(file: UploadFile, response: Response) => void` |               |

Reviewer: I find "each file" and "each upload" a little bit confusing wording. Maybe:

```suggestion
| `onFileAdded`       | Called when a file is added to this queue.           | `(file: UploadFile) => void`                     |               |
| `onFileRemoved`     | Called when a file is removed from this queue.         | `(file: UploadFile) => void`                     |               |
| `onUploadStarted`   | Called when upload starts for a file of this queue.           | `(file: UploadFile) => void`                     |               |
| `onUploadSucceeded` | Called when upload of a file of this queue succeeds. | `(file: UploadFile, response: Response) => void` |               |
| `onUploadFailed`    | Called when upload of a file of this queue fails fails.    | `(file: UploadFile, response: Response) => void` |               |
```

Author: Thanks! I committed this with a few grammatical adjustments.
